The age of the personal brand is in full
swing. People are making millions, even
billions of dollars by having a personal
brand. We're seeing it everywhere.
People with a personal brand can launch
products, services, and businesses and
get rapid success. Within 12 months,
they can have 1 million, 10 million, or
even 100 million worth of revenue. If
the personal brand is strong enough,
>> next year, you'll probably see a couple
people who become billionaires off of
YouTube. Social media star Kabi Lame has
secured a near billion dollar deal.
However, that age is coming to an end.
there is a closing window where it's not
going to be possible to build a personal
brand that gets any cutth through
whatsoever. Now the reason for that is
because of AI. The AI generated YouTube
videos, the AI generated content, it
gets better and better month by month.
The amount of AI YouTube channels now
where the AI does the research. It
creates the voices. It has an AI avatar.
It engages with people who engage in the
comments. Initially, that AI activity
was nowhere near as good as a human, but
it's getting close and it's going to get
so good in the years ahead. But here's
where it cannot beat you. It cannot beat
you on your lived experience. The things
that you've lived through, the pain that
you've experienced, the triumphs that
you've been able to achieve. It doesn't
know what any of that feels like cuz
it's never lived. In this video, there's
going to be three parts. Part one is
going to be discovering your story that
contains valuable lessons that your
market wants to hear more about. Step
two is about testing and getting
traction and getting the early stages of
commercial success. And step three is
building a system that ramps this up to
seven or eight figures worth of revenue
year after year after year, even after
AI slop comes in and takes over your
entire marketplace. Let's get into it.
Step one is we need to create stories
that are unique to you, but we need to
distill lessons that are very valuable
for everybody. See, AI has read
absolutely everything. It's read every
PhD paper. It's read every Nobel Peace
Prizewinning book. It's watched every
video and read all the comments. It
knows absolutely everything in the world
except AI has never lived one day in its
life. It's never had a unique experience
that is unique to it. The thing that
makes you valuable is finding stories
that only you could say. So, for
example, my first book, Key Person of
Influence, focused in on my story of
arriving in London with nothing but a
suitcase and a credit card, having never
been above the equator in my life, and
then one year later having a
multi-million pound business. That
little story captured people's
attention, and it contained lessons that
everybody wanted to learn. So what we're
looking for is stories that are
completely unique to you but contain
lessons for your entire marketplace. So
how are you going to get these stories?
I want you to go through a process
called pause reflect document. Pause
reflect document means that you go for a
nice long walk, you find a park bench or
you find a quiet little cafe. You pull
out your phone and you look through your
photos app. I want you to set your
photos app to month by month scrolling.
And I want you to go through the last 60
months and every single month I want you
to find a story that you lived that you
experienced that contained a lesson that
would be valuable to somebody else. Now,
you might flick through and go, "Oh, in
October 2023, I was attending an award
ceremony and we won a customer service
award." Or you might say, "Oh my
goodness, I had to hire some people in
November 2024 and it was really
difficult, but we were able to hire a
really amazing person." Or, "I worked
with a customer and I solved a really
complex problem that they had and we got
a great result. It started in 2022 and
the result came in 2024." Right? I want
you to jog your memory about your
stories. You've got unique, amazing
stories from the last 5 years. I want
you to distill them. I want you to find
at least 10 stories and I want you to
write down what is the story and what
was the lesson that would be valuable to
others. So that process is called pause
reflect document. A powerful question
that you can ask is when was the last
time I did something special that would
be of interest to a certain type of
person. We got a remarkable result and I
can explain how we did it step by step.
If you can reflect on the elements of
that question, you will get some
incredible stories that will be very
valuable to other people. Now here's a
pointer that came directly from Steven
Bartlett. The first time I went on Diary
of a CEO with Steven Bartlett, I was
really nervous because in the leadup in
the previous 3 months, he had had two
founders of unicorn businesses who went
on the show and it didn't get very many
views. They were three or 400,000 views
each and these are people who had built
multi-billion dollar businesses. And
then when I arrived, I went and did my
episode and a couple of months later we
had more than 2 million views. I asked
Steven Bartlet, "How come my episode got
a couple of million views when these
other episodes got a few hundred
thousand views?" And he said, "Relatable
beats impressive." He said, "The stories
that people can relate to are more
powerful than the stories that people
are impressed by." So, if you're waiting
until you cure cancer, launch a rocket
to Mars, stop waiting to be impressive.
Stop waiting for your stories to be like
rare things that only one in a billion
people do. What I want you to do is look
for relatable stories, things people can
relate to, things that represent the
next step in people's evolution, not the
final step in people's evolution. The
reason I really want you to find these
stories is AI cannot do this. This is
the one thing that you can beat AI at.
AI doesn't have any stories. It hasn't
lived. It doesn't know what anything
feels like. So, if you can find these
stories and if you can articulate the
emotions of what it feels like to go
through these stories, you've got
something unique in the age of AI.
However, AI can help you with this.
Here's a prompt that I would like you to
use with AI to help you to get this step
done. The prompt is, I want to share a
powerful story of mine with an audience
of type of person. The story will be
unique to me, but it will contain a
powerful lesson for others. ask me
questions and help me to refine my story
and distill the lessons. Now, if you get
AI to help you with that, you'll be
ready to move to step two and you'll be
that one step closer to having a
personal brand that makes you more than
seven figures per year. Step two is
where we start building your content
strategy to build a sevenfigure asset.
And here's what we're going to do. We're
going to do some testing. We're going to
break up your signature stories into
short form and long form content and
calls to action. And we're going to keep
it really, really simple. So, a short
form piece of content is anything people
can experience whether they can watch it
or read it in under 3 minutes. Now,
there's a few different ways that you
can create hooks here. You can do what
we call pain, where you talk about a
pain that people experience. Prize, you
can talk about something that people
want, or news, where you can talk about
a big event that everybody's heard of or
a public figure that everybody knows
about that illustrates one of the key
points that you're talking about. So,
pain prize and news will always get a
little bit of cutthrough if you lead
with that in short form content. So,
short form content, really, really
powerful. We're going to take your
stories and break it into short little
posts that you can do at least three
times a week. What you're going to do
from the short form content is you're
going to send people to a few pieces of
what we call long- form content. And
this is going to be signature content
that we focus on a process. So, we're
going to say if you want to know how to
solve that pain, here's the process. If
you want to achieve that prize, here's
the process. Or if you want to
understand what really went on with the
news, here's the process behind that
story. So pain prize news into a long-
form piece of content that is a process.
Now long form content is anything that
could be 10 or 15 minutes to a few hours
in order to consume. That could be a
1500word blog that you write like a long
piece of newsletter style content. It
could be a video that's 10 15 minutes.
It could be a podcast episode that's 1
to two hours. But the focus of that long
form content is to talk about a process.
Now the call to action that you're going
to use initially is really really
simple. You're going to say, "If you're
interested in knowing more about this,
drop me a message." Initially, this call
to action is the most powerful call to
action because every single social media
platform has a message button. They can
drop you a message in your LinkedIn.
They can drop you a message in your
Instagram. Send me a direct message and
I'll send you some more information. Or
if you want to discuss this with me,
send me some information and I'll make a
time to talk to you. Because we're not
scaling up at this point, we actually
want to have real life interactive
conversations with people. The perfect
scenario is that you end up having 30
meetings with potential customers to
learn a bit more about what they found
interesting about that story. You want
to engage with people. You want to be
face tof face with people. You might
want to be on a Zoom call with them. You
might want to pick up the phone and
actually have a phone call with them
because you want to understand how
people are thinking. So very, very
simple. Step two for creating a
sevenfigure content marketing strategy.
You're going to break down your
signature content into pain, prize, and
news. You're going to have a call to
action to explore the process with a
long- form piece of content. And then
you're going to tell people, "Drop me a
DM, drop me a message. Let's talk about
it. Let's discuss it. I'll send you some
more information or we can talk about
it." At this point, it's very simple,
but we're about to scale right up to
seven or even eight figures worth of
business that comes from the scale up
strategy I'm about to share with you.
Now, right now, your customers are
spending an enormous amount of time on
social media. They are looking for
answers. Everything in their world is
being disrupted. They need clarity. They
need someone who's guiding them through
a process. They want to understand how
do I solve this pain? How do I achieve
this prize? How do I get it more
urgently? How do I understand what's
going on in the world? You're the person
who's giving them a process, but it's
underpinned with real life stories.
You've lived through it, and that's what
makes it interesting, and that's what
differentiates you from AI. Now,
remember, we have a closing window here.
Now, in a few years time, AI will be so
powerful at predicting your wants and
needs that it will be able to come in
and create the content before you even
know you need it. This is why we must
leverage our personal story and our
personal lessons on social media before
AI takes over and before AI content is
everywhere and we get drowned out. Now,
in this step, we want quantity over
quality. I don't care if your stories
are good. We want to actually just get
enough out there every single week that
we can start testing. If I could wave a
magic wand, I would get you posting
multiple times per day. I know that most
people won't do that. So, a minimum of
three times a week. Monday, Wednesday,
Friday. Pain news prize, right? pain on
a Monday, news on a Wednesday, prize on
a Friday. At the very least, be testing
three pieces of content a week, right?
Because we're about to turn this into a
business marketing system that gets
serious return on investment. Now, one
thing I can tell you is that in my
businesses, we do content marketing and
we do advertising. Our content strategy
produces leads at half the price and
they convert twice as well.
Additionally, if our content marketing
game is on point, the cost of each lead
from our advertising starts to drop by
10, 20 or 30%. Step three, we are going
to scale up this whole strategy and it
is going to bring in so many leads and
so many customers that you would have to
be doing something seriously wrong in
order to not get seven or eight figures
worth of revenue. Seven figures is not
that big a deal. It's about 25,000 a
week. And if you do 25,000 worth of
sales per week, you've got a million per
year. Even 8 figures of revenue is not
that big a deal. If you do 85 sales a
month at 10,000 per sale, that's 10
million for the year. Are you going to
do that on day one in business?
Absolutely not. Is it easy to build up
to having a sales team who can do that?
Is it easy to build up to having content
that brings in enough leads to do that?
In a world where you can reach billions
of people online, doing 85 sales a month
at 10 grand a sale, is that really a big
deal? I don't think so. 25 grand a week,
is that really such a big deal? To be
honest, I used to do seven figures worth
of revenue over 20 years ago when I was
a 22-year-old. Right? It's totally
possible. In the times that we're living
in, there are people in their 20s doing
seven and eight figures worth of revenue
just by executing some of the strategies
I'm about to share with you right now.
So, here's what we're going to do. Every
single day, you're going to share
something that relates to pain that
people experience, something that might
relate to a prize that people want to
achieve, something that relates to news
that people are paying attention to. And
every single day, you're then going to
say, "By the way, you may be interested
in this signature piece of content." So,
if you're interested in this topic,
you'll probably be interested in the
long form piece of content. If you're
interested in this short post, you might
be interested in the 15-minute video I
just recorded. If you're interested in
this short written piece of content, you
might want to listen to a podcast
episode. Right? So, over here, your
signature content will be video on
YouTube. You'll probably do a podcast
episode that might be on Spotify or
YouTube. You might have a book available
on Amazon. A book is long form content.
You could have a newsletter. LinkedIn is
really really good at giving a
newsletter publication platform or you
might have an SEO optimized blog on your
website. So any of these are going to be
long form content. They take about 5 10
15 minutes to digest. If it's a podcast
episode or a book, it could be several
hours to take on board. So short form
into long form, long form into call to
action. A never- ending waiting list is
something like what Rolex has where you
can't buy a watch, you can only join the
waiting list. An assessment is like the
key person of influence assessment where
you do your personal brand test. A
webinar could be a 45 minute to 90minute
webinar where you actually take people
through a step by step and you do an
introduction to what it is that you do.
And a miniourse could be an introduction
to how to get the type of results people
want as well. All of these require
people to opt in. And when they opt in,
they're giving their name, their contact
information, they're giving their phone
number, their email address, and they're
giving permission for you to get in
touch with them and start the process of
making a sale. This will give you an
endless stream of hot leads because
people have engaged with the short form.
they've consumed some long form and now
they're opting in to engage with your
business. You cannot possibly get hotter
leads than this. And if you can automate
that whole strategy, every single week
you'll have enough leads to make seven
figures worth of revenue. Now, what
happens next? Obviously, we end up with
sales calls or we end up with follow-up
sequences or we have special offers on
text or email. All of those three things
translate people into the sale. So,
you've got a constant pipeline of warm
leads turning into hot leads turning
into sales. Now, all of this is
underpinned by your personal brand, not
your business brand. See, your personal
brand gets 20 times the cut through as
your business brand. Imagine paying 95%
tax rate as the amount of tax that you
pay. If you do a business brand versus a
personal brand, you're going to pay a
95% attention tax. Social media was
built for personal brands. It was never
built to amplify business brands. So,
it's your personal brand that is sharing
the short form content. It's your
personal brand that is sharing the long-
form content. and it is your business
brand that finally gets people to
connect at the call to action level.
This is where they translate from
personal to business here. Okay, so now
we've got the theory. Let's talk about
the things that are going to hold you
back and let me share with you some
experiences that you're going to find
useful in implementing this. The first
thing that holds people back is they
say, "Daniel, I don't have an audience.
I don't have lots of followers like you
do." The good news is that we're
actually not in the age of social media
anymore. We're in the age of algorithmic
media. Social media used to tell you
what your friends were doing.
Algorithmic media shows you content on
topics that you're interested in. Now,
you've experienced this. You've been
scrolling through Instagram and seen
people that you do not follow, but
they're saying something that you're
interested in. Instagram already
understands that, and it's finding new
people for you to follow based upon
topics, not based on friendship groups.
So, the way that you know this is
working is that these topics are
landing. The algorithm is figuring out
that there is an audience for this, and
you're going to get direct feedback. If
the algorithm doesn't pick it up and it
doesn't show it to people, then you're
not talking about the topics that people
care about. If the algorithm does show
you to people who are interested, it
means that there is an audience of
people out there who want more of what
you've got to say. Double down on it.
When I built my profile, I did that in
the age of social media, which meant
that I had to win people over one at a
time. More recently, I've been launching
channels in the age of algorithmic
media, and I've found it so much easier.
It took me so much effort in the age of
social media to get 20,000 followers,
and it's been so much easier to get over
a 100,000 subscribers in the age of the
algorithm. Please do not let this hold
you back. It doesn't matter if you've
got a social media following today. It
only matters that you're talking about
the topics that people are interested
in. Now, you've probably heard about the
term SEO, search engine optimization.
Now, that is also being replaced by AIO,
which is AI optimization. And what that
means is that if you start putting out a
lot of great content in the next year or
two, the AI algorithms are going to pick
up on that and they're going to start
recommending you in the AI chat bots. So
more and more when people are engaging
with their AI chat bots, it's going to
give people answers to their questions
and then recommend your piece of content
as a link. I've noticed that my content
is already being recommended by Chat
GBT, Claude Perplexity, and Google
Gemini. And this is not vanity metrics.
Our business is exploding as a result.
Last month was a record month in all of
my businesses. We are doing exponential
growth in our sales and it's effortless
and it's fun because we're getting this
strategy right now. Don't take my word
for it. Go to my LinkedIn, you'll see
that I'm posting every single day. Go to
my YouTube, you'll see short form
content every day. Go to my Instagram,
you'll see little bits every single day.
All of it is going from short form to
long form to call to action. It's a
simple little strategy, but it works.
Now, my businesses are not doing seven
figures worth of revenue. We're doing
eight figures worth of revenue off the
back of this strategy. I'm not talking
about a million a year. I'm talking
about a million a month. Can you imagine
a perfect customer who's got money to
spend? They go to ChattBT. They ask a
question and it recommends your piece of
content as the thing that they should
engage with. As a result of that, that
person watches your video, clicks on
your call to action, engages with you
and with your business, and then they
spend their money with you. That really
happens in real time every single day.
People are shopping on Chat GBT. Now,
SEO is already saturated. You would have
to spend months, maybe years, catching
up to your competitors on SEO. But AI is
an open opportunity. Now, because you've
watched to the end of this video, I'm
going to give you one special little
bonus, and that is that AI ads are
either here by the time you watch this,
or they're coming very, very soon. I'm
old enough to remember when Google
launched ads, and for about a year to
two years, ads were so cheap that you
could win clients for pennies. Then I
watched Facebook do the same thing.
Facebook never had advertising on the
platform, and then they launched ads,
and for a year to two years, you could
get incredibly cheap leads and make huge
money. I wish I had have doubled down
and gone allin on Google ads and
Facebook ads when I had the chance cuz I
was doing business at the time, but I
wasn't brave enough to seize the moment.
Already Sam Alman has told us that AI
ads are coming any day now. And what
that means is that 800 million people a
week are searching on chat GBT for
particular relevant things that relate
to your business. And you're going to be
able to advertise right at the moment
that they're actually completely engaged
in that search in that conversation. Be
ready for that short window with AI ads.
See, here's the thing. Big corporations,
they take six months to discuss an idea,
6 months to test an idea, and then the
following year they come in heavy. Which
is why there's always a 1 to twoyear gap
before the big budgets come into these
new platforms. That is where your small
business has room to really, really put
some money in the bank. Now, if you
enjoyed this video, you're going to want
to check out my other video about how to
become famous in your industry. Click on
that video. It's a long form piece of
content with a call to action in it, and
I think you'll actually see what I'm
doing there. I hope your business is
succeeding and I hope you're doing well.